Expandable card (#35)
dolittle-interaction/JavaScript.Components.Aurelia: Documentation/controls/ExpandableCard/Styling.md

| `$expandable-card-content-transition` | The transition of the card when expanding | abc | `all 0.3s ease-in-out` |
| `$expandable-card-arrow-bottom-gutter` | Numeric | The distance from the bottom of the card for the indicator arrow | `0.3125rem` |
| `$expandable-card-arrow-left-gutter` | Numeric | The distance from the left of the card for the indicator arrow | `50%` |
| `$expandable-card-arrow-width` | Numeric | The width of the indicator arrow | `1.25rem` |
| `$expandable-card-arrow-height` | Numeric | The height of the indicator arrow | `0.3125rem` |
| `$expandable-card-arrow-transition` | CSS-property seconds easing | The transition of the indicator arrow when the card when expanding | `all 0.3s ease-in-out` |
| `$expandable-card-arrow-margin-left` | Numeric | The left margin of the indicator arrow. By default set to half the width to get it centered. | `$expandable-card-arrow-width / 2` |

### Step 1 - Configure Webpack 
Make sure you have added an alias to DolittleStyles in your webpack config file. This is essential to make your component look for the setting files from your application, not only the settings file from [Styles](/interaction/styles/)

{{% notice note %}}

> If you ar using `@dolittle/typescript.webpack` or `@dolittle/typescript.webpack.aurelia`, this is allready taken care of. Skip to next step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using `@dolittle/typescript.webpack` or `@dolittle/typescript.webpack.aurelia`, this is already taken care of. Skip to next step.
```
